docs: add a populateCache as a function (#329)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/mutation.en-US.md

**`revalidate`**: should the cache revalidate once the asynchronous update resolves.

> **`populateCache`**: should the result of the remote mutation be written to the cache. A function can be passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`populateCache`**: should the result of the remote mutation be written to the cache, or a function that receives new result and current result as arguments and returns the mutation result.
```

Author: Thank you! I'll add this to other languages!
